and this video,
we're going to show a nice trick that you can use when you suspect that you have wrong
numbers on your pivot tables are on your data.
So,
for example,
here in our sales for product one in 2016 it's 1,095,430.
Let's say that you suspect that this number is incorrect.
Let's say that you should be two million,
for example,
not 1,095,000.
So in this case,
you can actually show or check the underlying data for this particular number by simply
double clicking on the cell.
As you can see here,
basically,
Excel has created in you worksheet that contains the data on Lee for that particular number
,
so it contains only the underlying data for product one and in 2000 and 16 and then you can
check the numbers for the sales amount and see where the error is.
However,
if you need to make any changes,
you cannot make them in this sheet because this sheet is not linked to the pivot table.
This is just a new sheet that Excel has dumped the data underlying this cell here or the
number in.
But actually,
if you need to make any changes,
you need to make them on your data sheet.
So actually,
all press control NZ on my keyboard here,
too.
Remove that sheet,
and then if you need to make any changes,
you can go to your data and make the changes there.
Okay,
so this is a nice tip for you if you need to check the data underlying a certain number on
your pivot table if you suspect that this number is incorrect or having an error,
So thanks,
guys,
for watching,
and I'll see you on the next one.